doc: external comp: fast_pair: align kconfig name for script trigger (#15486)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/external_comp/bt_fast_pair.rst

****************

The :ref:`bt_fast_pair_provision_script` is required to generate the provisioning data for the device.

> The script is automatically invoked by the build system during application build when the :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR` Kconfig option is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the :kconfig:option:`SB_CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR` Kconfig option is enabled, the build system automatically invokes the script during the application build.
```
